# ConversationsMessage

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | Option<**String**> | Message ID. It can be used for further manipulations with the message. | [optional]
**r#type** | Option<**String**> | `\"agent\"` for agents’ messages, `\"visitor\"` for visitors’ messages. | [optional]
**text** | Option<**String**> | Message text or name of the attached file | [optional]
**subject** | Option<**String**> | The subject line of the email message (only for messages sent to email threads). | [optional]
**html** | Option<**String**> | The HTML content of the message. | [optional]
**raw_unsafe_html** | Option<**String**> | Unescaped HTML content of the message (may include unsafe HTML). | [optional]
**visitor_id** | Option<**String**> | visitor’s ID | [optional]
**agent_id** | Option<**String**> | ID of the agent on whose behalf the message was sent (only in messages sent by an agent). | [optional]
**agent_name** | Option<**String**> | Agent’s name as displayed to the visitor. Only in the messages sent by an agent. | [optional]
**created_at** | Option<**i64**> | Timestamp in milliseconds. | [optional]
**is_pushed** | Option<**bool**> | `true` for pushed messages | [optional]
**is_trigger** | Option<**bool**> | `true` for automatic messages from “Targeted chats & triggers” and API (https://developers.brevo.com/docs/javascript-api-reference#sendautomessage) | [optional]
**is_missed** | Option<**bool**> | `true` for missed and offline messages. | [optional]
**is_missed_by_visitor** | Option<**bool**> | `true` for unread agent’s messages in finished chats. | [optional]
**agent_userpic** | Option<**String**> | Only set if the agent has uploaded a profile picture. | [optional]
**received_from** | Option<**String**> | In two-way integrations, messages sent via REST API can be marked with receivedFrom property and then filtered out when received in a webhook to avoid infinite loop. | [optional]
**file** | Option<[**models::ConversationsMessageFile**](ConversationsMessage_file.md)> |  | [optional]
**from** | Option<[**models::ConversationsMessageFrom**](ConversationsMessage_from.md)> |  | [optional]
**to** | Option<[**Vec<models::ConversationsMessageToInner>**](ConversationsMessage_to_inner.md)> | An array containing details of the recipients (applicable only to messages in email threads). | [optional]
**reply_to** | Option<[**models::ConversationsMessageReplyTo**](ConversationsMessage_replyTo.md)> |  | [optional]
**cc** | Option<[**Vec<models::ConversationsMessageToInner>**](ConversationsMessage_to_inner.md)> | An array containing details of the carbon copy (CC) recipients (applicable only to messages in email threads). | [optional]
**bcc** | Option<[**Vec<models::ConversationsMessageToInner>**](ConversationsMessage_to_inner.md)> | An array containing details of the blind carbon copy (BCC) recipients (applicable only to messages in email threads). | [optional]
**source_message_id** | Option<**String**> | The ID of the message assigned by the integration source. | [optional]
**forwarded_to_source_status** | Option<[**models::ConversationsMessageForwardedToSourceStatus**](ConversationsMessage_forwardedToSourceStatus.md)> |  | [optional]
**integrations** | Option<[**serde_json::Value**](.md)> | Integration details. | [optional]
**is_bot** | Option<**bool**> | `true` for automated messages generated by an AI bot. | [optional]
**attachments** | Option<[**Vec<models::ConversationsMessageAttachmentsInner>**](ConversationsMessage_attachments_inner.md)> | An array of file attachments. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


